Add OVIP-3 (#2)
OpenVASP/ovips: ovip-0003.md

**Conditions:**  
`address` must be a valid Ethereum address; and  
`vaspCode` must be unique in the internal mapping of the Index Contract, that is, `vaspCode` must have never been used in a successful call of this function before.

**Use Case:**  
Called by a VASP to deploy a VASP Contract that represents the identity of the VASP within the OpenVASP protocol and that is mapped to a unique VASP Code chosen by the VASP.

```pseudocode
getVaspByCode(vaspCode:bytes8): address {public}
```

**Description:**  
Returns the address of the VASP Contract which has been recorded under the specified `vaspCode`. If no entry is found in the internal mapping, an empty address (0x) is returned by the function.

**Use Case:**  
Called to get the VASP Contract which is uniquely assigned to a specific VASP Code. Intended method to retrieve a VASP Contract.

```pseudocode
getVaspCode(vaspContract:address): bytes8 {public}
```

**Description:**  
Returns the VASP Code that was assigned to the specified `vaspContract` by the Index Contract. If no entry is found in the internal mapping, an empty address (0x) is returned by the function.

**Use Case:**  

> Called to get the VASP Contract which is uniquely assigned to a specific VASP Code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Called to get the VASP Code which is uniquely mapped to a given VASP Contract address.
```
